What young master
Who are you calling? You are our eldest young master
We worked so hard and I found it
Are you lying?
I am an aunt
No, no, you got lost when you were 3 years old
Madam, because you are blind from crying
Died after half a year
Fortunately, grandpa has been insisting.
We finally found you
We continue to edit
If you really don't believe it
We have other evidence
You might as well take a look with us.
Teacher Sheng Genting Tiangong
Barracks, I'm not going home if I'm not drunk today, oops
Stop talking
Have a good rest.
drink
Wow
This is really cloudy sky.
I heard this place is made of tree fields
Every inch of land is expensive, young master
The whole estate here is ours
Master, please take a seat first
Master, please eat some food first
I'm going to eat.
Hey, you stinky security guard, what are you doing here?
How is it you?
I want to ask you, you come here in the middle of the night
You're not here to steal, are you?
I didn't steal anything, you piece of crap
Don't admit it, right?
What is this, explain it to me.
I eat a banana, why do you still have the face to say
trespassing
And steal our food, I'm going to call the police to arrest you
I didn't break into the house
It was an old gentleman who took me to buy
Which old man?
Are you talking about the young old man?
The whole manor is only burning big seats at the age of young and old
It seems to be called Chu Guohui
You really don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Do you know where Chu Lao came from?
How dare you defend his name
I'll tell you the truth.
My dear
That is the rich second generation of Wanjia in the capital
This is the left treasure of the head of the Wan family
Even my dear dare not offend him
Are you impatient?
What's so great about the rich second generation?
The first elder also said that I was the eldest young master of Wan Family